Auto find cur (#205)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/getting-started/onboarding-wizard.md

### 2. Configure CloudWatch Data Collection

CloudWisdom collects performance data to power analyses. The elements enabled by default are recommended and can be changed at any time.

1. Approve the list of enabled default collections; uncheck any you wish to disable.
2. Select **Next: Cost and Billing**.

### 3. Configure Cost & Billing Settings

> 1. Leave **Cost Explorer API** enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Leave **Enable Cost Explorer** enabled.
```

> 2. Select a **Report Path Prefix**. This path should be connected to the S3 bucket where Cost and Usage Report files are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select a **Report Path Prefix**. The values listed are a combination of the S3 bucket name where the billing files reside followed by the full Report path prefix of the Cost & Usage report you configured.
```

Reviewer: If we don't have access to the CUR endpoint then this selection doesn't work and it reverts back to the old manual way. Should we keep the old instructions that were removed in case we don't have that access? I'm afraid a user may get confused with no other recourse in the docs if they git presented the two new fields
